Lilliana Robinson: Thank you all for being on time. So a couple of announcements at the top of the call before I go into a deck.
Lilliana Robinson: You should have all received preprogram update number 2 this morning. I'm just gonna walk everyone through it so that I can take questions here. I think it's a good use of our time.
Lilliana Robinson: So very first off.
Lilliana Robinson: please book your screening criteria, one on one with Kate and some other team members. This goes from anytime today, Monday, Tuesday, and if we end up needing more slots, just let us know, and we can open some up on Wednesday as well.
Lilliana Robinson: After that the next step is to post your finished screening criteria in base camp, and we'll get into today where that will go.
Lilliana Robinson: Then for base camp. Everybody by the end of this training session will have received an invitation to base camp.
Lilliana Robinson: Everybody should see the program. Hq. And Company Project and Ceos should see an additional CEO project. If at the end of this tutorial you do not see all 3 of those, and our team is slowly getting those invites out over the next hour. Just stick around at the end of the call, and we can address that
Lilliana Robinson: very importantly. The program handbook was finalized and sent out this morning. It is attached to the email. It's super important that you all read that before day one. It has a lot of information that will help you with any questions. You probably have so check there first before asking any questions, because it's super dense
Lilliana Robinson: and we write it. We rewrite it every time. So a lot of thought goes into it. So that it's specific to this program and everything you need to know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Book Club. I'm actually gonna punt to Neil here so that he can plug his book. Club. No problem. Yeah. So I'm gonna be working with Chloe on our team to launch a book club. I it's one of it's one of my favorite things. So I have a few kind of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: tools that I kinda allude to, or share a little bit of throughout the program. But for those of us who wanna go deeper, which I hope is many, if not all, of you. I run a little book club out of a little special based Kit project, and it's pretty meaningful in that, like as you read it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's a way to have a conversation with everybody in the class asynchronously, about what you're getting from it, how it's applicable to you, what makes these concepts relevant. So one of those books is a lot of exposure you had this week. So it's making sure you understand jobs to be done. Demand side sales, one on one another one is a shape up by Ryan Singer. So it's all about product development ways to tool up and actually like, put a process around how you all build product on the tech side.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the other book is the great CEO, within. which is probably one of the best guides. That I've read with respect to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: primarily Silicon Valley, successful Ceos, and what they do to run their businesses at scale once they have 10 or more employees, so it's slightly ahead of where many of you are, but it's a good rule of thumb with respect to what systems you'll need to put in place soon as you start to grow?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then, yeah, I think there's one more book. Is it rework?
Lilliana Robinson: It doesn't have to be crazy at work. Yeah. So that's the other one I alluded to. And then yesterday, when I talked about it. So that's like the end game
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's like once once you've made it, and you can actually establish a lifestyle and a culture at your work with your company that most people dream up but never attain.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So those are my 4 kind of recipes. I know the individuals who wrote the books, 3 out of 4 of them at least, and I have a connection to the fourth one who I haven't personally met. And yeah, those are things that I've embodied and and and know well enough to not only facilitate a Book club, but support you in an even more in-depth way outside of the book itself.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I really enjoy that, and it would invite you all to join me. If you're interested. There's a $20 buy in, by the way, because we're we're dead series, so we'll give you your money back. But you gotta read the books.
Lilliana Robinson: It's pretty serious. But traditionally, the majority of the class participates. And it's super fun. So highly recommend that a lot of you during like the application process asked us for book recommendations, and we told you we would get to that. And here it is.
Lilliana Robinson: And this is something we've done, probably like this may be the fifth rendition of it fourth or fifth rendition of it right now.
Lilliana Robinson: So next is by popular demand. We know, you guys want to read about each other? So we had our team craft, this company look book. It's super important that you keep this internal. It has a lot of information about each of your companies that we have from the application process, and then we put it together so you can get to know each other, connect with one another, read about each other's companies, and it'll also mitigate a lot of like, get to know you stuff. So we can just kind of kick it off and hang out next week.
Lilliana Robinson: So definitely check that out recordings from the past few weeks. I'm gonna show you where those are in base camp docs and files. Today. The program calendar will come out next week and make sure that I have your email on the class roster form so that you can get added to the Google Calendar
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for the Retreat. It's really important that you read this about timing. So you know how to book your flight on the nineteenth after the retreat. So that you have ample time to get back to Oakland from. I have another comment about that of the retreat. So one other thing I wanted to mention is, and some of you may know this. Some of you may not. Texas has been in the news lately, anybody paying attention in the past week. There's been a lot going on
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and and it's funny, because, like, you know, we on the team. We're just kinda like we shut up and jam. You know, we're here to like help. You all succeed, and we're not worried about the noise. That being said.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't really hold back, at least with my founders. The people I invest in I will tell you all literally anything. But I do that in a very confidential context.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So not on this recording call, for example, but definitely on that retreat. We host an ama with the entire team. And then I go in depth personally as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and a lot of the questions that you might have about what's going on or what's happening with these situations, or other stories or things like that, I will share as much as I can appropriately share with you all
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in confidence. So just know that, like you can always ask, and you can always ask me privately as well if there's something important or urgent on your mind. But at the same time, I think it's a really beneficial context at the Retreat to have a lot of those serious conversations, or or at least be more vulnerable about. You know our thoughts on, on, on what's going on and what really happens behind the scenes.
Lilliana Robinson: Right?
Samarth Gupta: I completely agree with Neil, and I think if you absolutely have to miss it, you can ask your team members to give you the down low. But it's better to be there in person have a some sort of tool that's reading out comments for him, are you? Do you have some like? I think I think it might just be me, Neil. Yeah, cause somebody taken over your computer, which is strange. So I think it's a setting on my laptop.
Samarth Gupta: Alright. Watch out, man, they're watching.
Lilliana Robinson: That's crazy. I've never heard that before. So I had some questions about next week. There is only programming for Tuesday through Thursday next week.
Lilliana Robinson: so I usually make pre-program prep week 2, much, much lighter because we've had a long week this week, and we're gonna have in much longer week in week one. So really take next week to prepare yourself personally and professionally, to be able to dive in like every all day, every day for the whole week one and the retreat. So we're only good. We're only gonna have sessions 3 days of the week, mostly in the mornings. And then this afternoon one
Lilliana Robinson: I know I told you guys only to book out in the morning, so I made it optional, but I had forgotten that we do a follow up breakout session for project management day in the afternoon. So I highly highly recommend that one that one we probably won't even record because it's completely interactive to take the learnings from me and Meil in the morning and apply them in groups. So if you haven't booked anything and you can attend, I highly recommend that? Because that's where we'll implement what we teach
Lilliana Robinson: any questions on the preprogram update.
Matthieu Bonnard: Sorry, Lydia. Now, what what time is the session this afternoon, or the procession.
Matthieu Bonnard: cool. Yeah, it's Ne next Thursday.
Lilliana Robinson: And I added, all of you on to the calendar invites. So everyone, not just CEO's. Everyone should see it. And everyone should see this email. So if you didn't receive this email
Lilliana Robinson: this morning before the workshop just stay on after this. Then we can just get it sorted.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? Great.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep. Another question.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Yeah. I create a quick question like, How do you make public announcements? Is it on the 12, or you do like press release, or
Lilliana Robinson: and second, yes, he's
Fabien | Positive Finance: of their like textiles assets that we can override and prepare.
Lilliana Robinson: I have answers for both of this. So how we make the announcement is, we have a techstars newsroom, which is like our blog website, and then it gets amplified on social media. So it'll come from Neil as a blog post on the Tech Stars Newsroom. That's how we do it for every program.
Lilliana Robinson: Across text stars, and then they'll post it on Linkedin. You guys can share it. Neil will post it. I'll post it, and then you'll get a lot of news.
Lilliana Robinson: and then the assets. Our Pre program team is actively working on it. We make you guys a little like slide digital asset that has textiles and your logo, and we'll send those to you for day one. We'll send it before day. One, so you can use it for your announcement.
Lilliana Robinson: It'll be in base camp. Pardon.
Pardo Walter: Yeah, I have on my calendar set that the imp in person week starts on March twelfth. But the email said, next week,
Pardo Walter: Did I make a mistake somewhere?
Lilliana Robinson: Nope, I made a mistake. That's it. Completely correct.
Pardo Walter: They would have driven up.
Lilliana Robinson: No, no, no, you're completely correct. That is a very good catch. I'll actually edit that afterwards.
Pardo Walter: Awesome. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Yes, nobody go to Oakland yet. We will. I will not be there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I mean, I'm here. If you're all trying to hang out, I'll be chilling. Yeah, that'd be cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: I can take any other questions before we start with project management
Lilliana Robinson: and base camp. Anything else about the program? Ops, or the update.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright? Well, kind of not really, but like about the swag bags on the giveaway link. Is there any kind of update I know you mentioned, like everyone will get one, but I've just been refreshing it every day, and it hasn't like opened back. Yeah. I checked black this morning from the operations team, and I didn't see any updates about it. So they're probably just waiting on manufacturers.
Lilliana Robinson: I think I know a book is sold out, and a hoodie is sold out, so they're probably just waiting till they get both of those, and then they'll put it back up. So if I see an update, I'll put it in basecamp. Otherwise, probably a couple of weeks.
Valeria Brenner: Awesome. Okay? Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: III was just curious to know, is this textile Chicago on purpose on this slide? I love that.
Lilliana Robinson: So I was gonna say, so, this is a deck I've used for a very long time, like I've onboarded everyone to base cam since our very first class, and so I've never changed the deck. This is our 10 and 11 program, and I've actually never changed it. So you'll see that the examples are from our very first program. And I kinda like it. So I was looking at it yesterday, and I decided to keep the branding, because
Lilliana Robinson: a lot of you may not know. But Neil and I started out, and Sophie was actually there, too, in Texas, Chicago.
Lilliana Robinson: and we ran that for a long time, 4 years, and now we were selected to move out to the bay last summer, so we can tell you more about that in the retreat. But
Lilliana Robinson: when we were talking on some of the other calls. I noticed that some of you may not know that, so I kind of liked this little Easter egg, and you'll see a lot of stuff will wear Texas Chicago swag stuff like that. But the Chicago City program is no more. So this is just kind of the evolution of our program like it has just become the Bay area. So these are your predecessors.
Lilliana Robinson: and you'll see a lot of the Chicago alumni on workshops and stuff. One will be here next week.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. So project management for base camp. I'm going to go over some principles first, and then I'll go over functionalities and then we'll put it all into context in a demo.
Lilliana Robinson: So the purpose of having basecamp is not only to run the program, but Neil and I also are extremely invested in leveling up your project management skills
Lilliana Robinson: when we teach at Northwestern the 2 of us.
Lilliana Robinson: we
Lilliana Robinson: require all of the students to use base camp as our learning management software, in addition to canvas for the purpose of running their start up
Lilliana Robinson: on base camp. So every single student in our class goes into a group and makes a startup within those 12 weeks of the quarter, and they are able to learn project management skills while doing the assignments for the class.
Lilliana Robinson: And that's a similar idea for what we have here. So as you're going through the program, you're going to be completing tasks and updating us and working Async. And through all of those things you're actually going to be leveling up your own project management skills to then apply back to your business in whatever way, shape or form it works, so you could use Asana or Trello, or however you manage your business notion.
Lilliana Robinson: Is that what you were going to say. Now, that's exactly what I was. Gonna say, cause I think initially, whenever people hear us like pro like talk about the tool that we use.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think it's super important to make it known that we're by no means imploring you to use the tool that we use. Everyone has their own preference or tool for whatever makes sense. So no judgment, no preference. There, we're just. We just happen to choose one ourselves that we know works really well for how we operate.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But by all means use whatever tools you know
Neal Sáles-Griffin: brings you joy
Lilliana Robinson: absolutely, and the principles that we teach are very much applicable across. And that's the real idea to take home here. So.
Lilliana Robinson: one being the value of asynchronous communication, our program is hybrid.
Lilliana Robinson: The way that we have run hybrid programs so successfully this whole time, ever since the pandemic is through the value of asynchronous communication. I'm sure many of you have heard of companies like Amazon and others who feel the same way where we don't want to waste time in meetings. So a lot of things are sent ahead of time. A lot of things are written and not said.
Lilliana Robinson: But along with that comes expectations. So in our program itself, there's an expectation that you guys are constantly reading the things that are being posted. There aren't things that are going posted and being unread, so that there's information lost cause we're not doing a daily stand up. We're not requiring you all to be on call with us for announcements every morning, like some programs do.
Lilliana Robinson: And you get a lot of time back and you're able to work in flow when we're not in workshops, and we see a lot of value from that.
Lilliana Robinson: So it's kind of a 2 way street. And in the same way that we require that from you. You can require that from your future employees as well, and you can give everybody some more time back and not be in a bunch of meeting bloat, which is what they call it.
Lilliana Robinson: We'll get into a lot more about all of this in our project management day. This is just a taste.
Lilliana Robinson: So a default to writing things out clearly and effectively like I said, it saves meeting time.
Lilliana Robinson: People can refer back to write ups which is huge. This saves time for redundant question, asking people being able to autonomously make decisions because they can refer back to things that were previously done. It helps with onboarding, because everything is written there, and you just have a history
Lilliana Robinson: of all decisions. Why you made them how to rep. Rep reproduce them for next time. It saves a lot of time, and it allows for a lot of people to work on their own in a very efficient manner.
Lilliana Robinson: And it also allows for everyone to stay in the know. So we run a very flat team.
Lilliana Robinson: We really like to just have everything
Lilliana Robinson: with everyone who is included. So putting a message post out in basecamp allows everybody who may not have been included in a meeting if you had it in a meeting to see it. So people who are working on other things can still stay in the know if they'd like to, as much as they want to, because you have it all written and able to be accessed
Lilliana Robinson: thoughtful messages and organized documents and completing to dos will unlock more value in the program.
Lilliana Robinson: So there are a bare minimum amount of project management tasks that we ask of you, such as submitting your screening criteria, completing weekly to do lists.
Lilliana Robinson: but there are also a myriad of other things that you can unlock if you so choose. So a lot of people
Lilliana Robinson: have a set amount of hours that they'd like to provide
Lilliana Robinson: to our program. If you find yourself wanting more, we have more. So this is completely up to you. It's kind of opt in. But we've built a myriad of templates different to do lists for many different needs. It could be marketing Co founder relationships becoming a better leader yourself as the CEO. Everything.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We took the techstars toolkit and turned it into a bunch of base camp templates. So this is kind of a cool background about it, right? The the background. I don't know if you're gonna show a screenshot of it and sorry to jump in. But what's what's really dope is. This was an evolution from a response that I think
I worked with lilliana on when we were in our first program. This was
Neal Sáles-Griffin: March of 2020. Right? Was that right? 4 years ago? 4 years ago this month, or at like right now?
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  I made. I was. I think I was the first managing director to take the team remote
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in anticipating the shut downs with Covid.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so the founders weren't happy about it. Everybody thought I was kinda crazy, but I kinda saw it coming. So I immediately did work
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to take the remainder of the program and put it into
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You know a format that allowed us to still support the founders, even if we couldn't physically be in the office together. So this is like the evolution of that original attempt?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's super cool. Do you want to say more about like what's required versus what they can unlock and kind of evaluate? Yeah. Yeah. So. So I mean, really, it's like a select Lian alluded to. It's a choose your own adventure piece of the journey right? So we have the set program. And then there's each of you have a different situation. Some of you have, like co-founder situations to navigate, others need to go way deeper when it comes to some of your metrics. Some of you are going to be fundraising during the program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: whereas others are, gonna have a strategy to fundraise after the program. If you're fundraising during the program, there's some additional steps you can take to to hone in your pitch deck and get your data room together. So we have a lot of additional steps that you can proactively take to make more progress. If that's a need that you have as an individual company
Lilliana Robinson: exactly.
Lilliana Robinson: And then if you just go through the program with everything that's required, you're gonna learn 100 of what we want you to learn. So no pressure there, and everything that we do require is gonna teach you the same project management principles, which is what I like so much about this.
Lilliana Robinson: So base camp is the tool we'll use to run our program. This is normally where I say what I already said, which is, you can use whatever tool for yourself. If you really like base camp, we do have a special, unlimited all access pass for Neil.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Did you want to say something else?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, it's it's on my account, though. So the only thing to keep in mind is that, like we do have founders that leverage basecamp to kind of manage their own teams and systems, at least during the program. Sometimes afterwards. Eventually, you'll want to grow out of us so that you have full admin control of your own account.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But just know that, like you're free to use my free 99 account for as long as you'd like.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so let's learn the basics. I'm gonna use the screenshots from our first program to teach you the functionalities of base camp. But I'll teach you the context in which we'll use the tools in my demo.
Lilliana Robinson: So first, when you log into base camp.
Lilliana Robinson: this is the screen that you'll see.
Lilliana Robinson: you'll see a myriad of projects
Lilliana Robinson: which are the white squares. and then you'll see some tools at the top and your profile in the top. Right
Lilliana Robinson: first is the Hq. So I've been referencing Hq. A lot, and that is where our whole program lives. So all of you will be in there, and all of our staff will be in there that is like our hub. That's where all announcements won't happen.
Lilliana Robinson: That's where you talk to one another. That's where you get resources. That is where our program lives when we are online Async and virtual.
Lilliana Robinson: Secondly, you'll see your own company project. So Cape Inclusion is one of our very first investments back in 2021,
Lilliana Robinson: and they had their own base camp project. So you'll see one with your company's name.
Lilliana Robinson: Lastly, it's not on here, but the CEO's will be in a separate CEO project, and that is just for streamlined communication of certain asks that we will have for you guys throughout the program. So we'll just have a separate CEO's channel for that, and that one's a lot more functional. So anything that is
Lilliana Robinson: so Shuls should just go in the HQ. For everyone to see
Lilliana Robinson: at the top. You'll see pings which are super important pings are just DM's.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's how you message me, Neil. Anyone from the program, anyone from your classmates as well. So this is another reason why I was saying yesterday, when you're asking for Linkedin handles to hold on, because you can just message everybody within pains. You can also do group pings.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Neil, did you wanna add, yeah, I have a cautionary note about pings cause it tends to be abused because people are, they jump into base camp, and they immediately try to use it like slack
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and they forget that the reason that you know this tool is designed the way it is is actually because we want to send more asynchronous, connect commit messages rather than real time
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but the real time tools are nice. There's a chat room, there's group chats, there's pings. There's Dms. But I'll drop a link in the chat to kind of explain the contrasting philosophy of the design of the real time and async communication tools here
Lilliana Robinson: also, if you've already received your invite. I think we're slowly working through. Each of you feel free to pull it up and follow along. A lot of the founders in the past have found that helpful.
Lilliana Robinson: So we have pings.
Lilliana Robinson: And then we have. Hey, hey? Is your inbox. So that is like basically your notification center, like on an iphone, everything that you've missed since the last time that you read Base Camp will be in there. You'll see a dot with the notification number, and you can just go through all of them. That's every time I post an announcement. That's every time someone replies to something that you posted in your company project anything like that when someone tags you.
Lilliana Robinson: So basically, if you go through your hey, you'll see every notification you need to have your eyes on
Lilliana Robinson: in the top right? This is really important, for when you first get into base camp you can click on your profile. It'll have your initials up there and add a profile picture. This is in your to do list for this week, because, having a profile picture enhances the experience. 10 fold, as you can see in the screenshot.
Lilliana Robinson: Almost everyone in this picture has a picture.
Lilliana Robinson: and it's way easier to see who is in what and to click on people when you can see their face versus for example, where it says Sm. In the Rising Stars Fund, it's a little harder to know who it is when they have just initials. So we require everybody to add a profile picture right? When you get into base camp
Lilliana Robinson: you can also adjust settings up there
Lilliana Robinson: when you click on your profile, you can adjust notification settings. This is really important, and I don't think I have a screenshot for it. But
Lilliana Robinson: there are 2 different features for Base Camp One is to get pings all the time to get push notifications all the time anytime.
Lilliana Robinson: and this can be on a mobile app on your phone. This can be on a desktop app on both windows, and Mac, or you can access base camp in the browser. I recommend the desktop app.
Lilliana Robinson: I love the one that's for Mac. I personally have a Mac, but I know the windows. One works great, too.
Ivanna: You can either get notifications all the time.
Lilliana Robinson: You can either have notifications come all the time, or there's a really cool function, for basecamp called work can wait, and that function allows you to set your set hours, and you do not get notified outside of those hours. I say this as a warning, because our team works extremely asynchronously. So. We have people in different time zones. Sometimes Neil and I will have things to do during the day, and we will catch up on work in the night. And so we may be messaging you at 1112 at night.
Lilliana Robinson: If you do not want to receive those notifications. The onus is on Youtube, make sure that you use that feature. So it's it's dependent on how you want to work.
Lilliana Robinson: You're gonna talk about the, did you talk about the email thing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No, that's actually the most important thing that's the most important. Oh, for sure. Yeah. So so everybody knows. You should turn off email notifications during our program for this base camp.
I can't recommend that enough.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Inevitably. Somebody isn't gonna do it or forgets to do it. And then you're gonna start complaining about all the emails that you get.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And we're gonna tell you to turn off email notifications. So there's a setting in the in where lilliana is pointing on the screen that allows you to do that and just turn them off. And now, all of a sudden, basecamp becomes this tech stars box for you where everything lives there, and when you want something you go to it rather than being bombarded in your inbox with any notices about it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and you can turn on specific notifications for specific threads if there is something you would like to come into your inbox. But by all means don't take everything on. Unless you're a maniac.
Lilliana Robinson: it it will be a lot. This is where we're running our whole program. So you can expect, like in the tens and tens of notifications per day. So it will be a lot of emails. That's probably the very first thing you should do. I'll show you in the demo how to do that.
Lilliana Robinson: So let's learn the tools. I'm just going to explain what the tools do. And when we pop into the demo we can look more intensely at how to actually use them for this program.
Lilliana Robinson: So these are the 6 different tools that exist within a project that we will use for program.
Lilliana Robinson: The very first one is message board.
Lilliana Robinson: something you can think of as message board. Replacing is a bulletin board, something like that. So also email announcements the pre-program updates you've been getting will now be replaced by messages being posted in the message board in the Hq.
Lilliana Robinson: Message board is also going to be a tool that you guys can use to post company asks.
Lilliana Robinson: We've separated these 2 different message boards. So you'll see 2 message boards in the Hq. One is to receive a bunch of announcements and important info from our team, and the other is to post asks.
Lilliana Robinson: this is a really helpful tool, because a lot of our founders have different questions and asks throughout the program and post it there. And then you can see the thread of comments below where founders are helping founders. That has been one of the highest pieces of value that founders have gotten because they're you guys have such great insights and connections and advice. So it's really helpful to post and ask to your fellow classmates.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: It looks like Kristy. Do you have a question? Just a quick question. What if we just want to share like a recent when or, you know, just more like.
Lilliana Robinson: I love that announcement, how? How should we manage that? Yeah. So if it's more social kind of like recent winds, that's what we use the campfire for. So that was a perfect transition campfire you should think of as the water cooler.
Lilliana Robinson: So what a lot of our founders use this for is congratulating each other. Maybe if they see each other in person during the virtual weeks. They'll send a picture in here. Posting a recent win. If you're in a competition, you can ask us to vote for you. It's really important to know, though, that campfire is just a never-ending chat.
Lilliana Robinson: so things will get missed. It's much more social. There's no expectation that people stay up to date on the campfire.
Lilliana Robinson: But that's where you would share something fun like that, Christy. So I loved that question. If you have something that you want to make sure people see that like requires a response. And it's really important. I would put it as a message post where it stays more permanent
Lilliana Robinson: Neil. And then, Melanie, I want to prominently repeat what you just said.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because I don't. I haven't seen a program where this behavior is fully embraced and like I would love to see it happen with this group.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What lilliana just said was, if it's something you want people to see, to post it as a message and not drop it in the campfire, only you can do it. You can do both for redundancy, which is helpful, but be sure to send a message. If you have an ask to the group that you would like to get a response on, or for people to see.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: campfire is not a reliable place to assume that people will go to and review to be helpful to you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We'll be sure to do it as a team, of course, but just know that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: a lot of the times you all help each other.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and I've like there's been so many phenomenal threads where people are like, Hey, I need design feedback on this new feature, or I just launched a new homepage and would love people's reactions or thoughts. Or you're hiring for a new role, and you send out the job description to folks, and you'd like people to either, you know, make some recommendations or get the word out somehow. Those are
Neal Sáles-Griffin: messages in the same way that you would normally send an email to a group of people to ask for a request.
Exactly.
Lilliana Robinson: Melanie.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Yeah, I just got a question about. So we get boxed before. So what's the difference between pings
Lilliana Robinson: and Boxer to interact with you guys? But that's a great question. I love that question. So pings everything on base camp has an expectation of an of asynchronousity. So when you send a ping, you're not gonna get an immediate response. Back, however, our window of acceptable responses 24 to 48 h. So you will hear from us.
Lilliana Robinson: Voxer is for much more urgent matters, so if you send us a voice memo on Vox here, we assume it's urgent, and that's kind of your direct pipeline to us. That's Neil, you know. I'm having issues with this new hire. I need advice Asap. This is your direct, you know, phone line to us and we'll get back to you as soon as we can. So whenever we're out of meetings, we check Boxer and try and respond right away.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Yeah, I'm noticing in the chat that everyone's trying to Troubleshoot Base camp right now with their access. I would ask that you just hold off.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Embrace what Lilian is talking about right now. Draw your full attention here
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then at the end. Once we're through it, we'll make sure everyone has the right access. And we explain to you what you're seeing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because I think right now, if we keep responding to the questions in the chat, it'll take away from everybody being on the same page with what we're trying to say.
Lilliana Robinson: perfect. Okay, the next tool. So that's message boarding campfire. The next tool is docs and files. And this replaces Google drive. So it's just like, if we sent out a Google drive folder with everything you need. It all lives here in basecamp. It does have integrations with Google drive, as you can see in this screenshot
Lilliana Robinson: there are some Google sheets. Links, it has integrations with air table. So like the look book is in there. And there are also things like this group habits. Doc, that you see there in yellow internal base camp docs. So those are 3 types of things you'll see in the docs and files. That's also where you'll find, for example, I think Matthew asked about the digital assets. That's where we will post those. The Handbook will be in there
Lilliana Robinson: also. A welcome letter, Kit, from our general manager, with the code of conduct and things for you to read are in there
Lilliana Robinson: right away. So check those out after this session.
Lilliana Robinson: The next feature is to dos you won't see to dos in the Hq. Because it's not relevant there. But to dos is a tool that you'll see in your company project.
Lilliana Robinson: This is where all of the work happens. So every week you'll see a weekly to do list, and we can also instantiate extra to do lists for you in that. Choose your own adventure thing we were talking about.
Lilliana Robinson: for example, one that all of you will already get when you get into base camp today is the understanding your customers jobs to be done. Checklist that Kate, myself and Neil have made.
Lilliana Robinson: That's an example of something outside of a weekly to do list. So there's an expectation that every Monday you check your to-dos, and you see everything you need to do for the week, and that you're commenting your responses to there. If you have any questions you can ask us within the to-dos. And it just basically puts everything you need to know for program into one place
Lilliana Robinson: automatic check-ins. This is what we will use for our weekly Kpi check-ins. So starting in week 3, we do weekly Kpi updates. I'll make a message post so that you know how to do it. But it will be in the automatic check-ins tool. It will ask you every Monday, I think, in the afternoon to post your Kpi update, and everyone will be able to see each other's and comment. And then we actually take the first 10 min of our Kpi call to go through that asynchronous check-in.
Lilliana Robinson: So it's just a way to create history. So you can see your updates coming and going after
Lilliana Robinson: 9 weeks.
Lilliana Robinson: And the last one is schedule. This will reflect the base camp the Google Calendar schedule. The reason that we put the schedule in base camp as well is for not only redundancy, but to be able to comment. So if you ever have any questions about the events, or any specific meeting? Or if you took notes at a meeting that you want to share, if you want to do a follow up to something that happened in a meeting.
Lilliana Robinson: Every single event in the schedule is commentable. So we usually have a lot of people discussing certain things, asking for workshop host emails, posting the notes that they took, or asking certain questions for an upcoming event. It's really helpful to put those all in the schedule, so that you can comment within context of the event.
Lilliana Robinson: These are examples of project management principles that we want to abide by for the program.
Lilliana Robinson: I think I saw a hand. Was that Valeria?
Valeria Brenner: Yes, I was just gonna ask, like, kind of a maybe silly question about the to do is like, I understand that you guys will be adding like to our to do list. And then I'm assuming that we can also, like, create our own sub to do list within the team of like other stuff, we need to get done.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I'd love that. You absolutely. Can. I always see a lot of companies do that, so that I'll have the to do list that I post. And then I see a bunch happening, and it makes me really happy to see you guys using it
Lilliana Robinson: as much or as little as you want. That's the answer.
Valeria Brenner: Okay, thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: So now it's time for the demo. Kelvin
Lilliana Robinson: Calvin, did you have a question?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Maybe not.
Lilliana Robinson: Maybe not. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: So let's go to base camp.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so this is what my base camp looks like they're like a bunch of projects. But you won't see all of those. So I've highlighted in green what you will see
Lilliana Robinson: first, I'm gonna go up here and show you the settings that we're talking about. So if you click on your face you will see your notification settings, and you'll also see your profile. If you click on your profile, you can change your profile picture to have your face, which we highly encourage. And then, if you click on notification settings.
Lilliana Robinson: This guy right here is
Lilliana Robinson: very important that you uncheck the box so you can go ahead and toggle all the other things to what you'd like. As I said, I have my notifications on for always, but you can also do work, can wait
Lilliana Robinson: and you can set your own hours, and then they send you a catch up after hours. So that's completely valid for you, if that's how you want to do it. But I do do require that you do this because
Lilliana Robinson: you do not know how many notifications you're about to get. So back to the home page.
Lilliana Robinson: focusing on these green squares. for example, it looks like the example we have is a Ford health. So I'm gonna go into the company project first. So when you get into your company project. You'll already see.
Lilliana Robinson: Chloe has posted a message post your very first message post that you can read, and it goes through kind of everything I'm saying, now for how to use your company project.
Lilliana Robinson: We also have the to dos. When you click on to dos, you'll see your pre-programmed prep. List, which is for this week, and next week you'll see your week one checklist, which is for week one. But you can look at it now, and you'll see that brand new understanding your customers checklist, which goes through everything. Neil and I have taught you for the past 3 days, as well as it goes forward a little bit into some future jobs that you'll see about putting it all together.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. And and just to allude to that list one more specific way.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: When lilliana mentioned the notion of unlocking completing this list is what leads to a deep dive conversation with me
Neal Sáles-Griffin: at the at the end. So it's kinda like the culmination is like, I will spend multiple hours with you, bringing everything home and like working on the final next steps.
Lilliana Robinson: And we've done that with several founders it's always very fun.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Not everyone makes it all the way through. But for those of you who do you get the you get the white glove treatment.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's an example.
Lilliana Robinson: Also in your company project. You'll find the Handbook, and you're going to put your pre-work packet in here when it's finished, and that's one of the to-do's. We have a chat here as well. This is for much more casual things, since it's just our program team and your team. So if there's anything that you want to share with just us, you can put it here, and we can get back to you.
Lilliana Robinson: The best way to ask us for things is in the message board. So if you have a specific company, ask, we'll get more into that. And I think Chloe explains it in this post, so be sure to read it. But the message board is a great way within your individual company project to post and get help from our team if it's something like bigger than just a quick link or something
Lilliana Robinson: perfect. So that's company Project
Lilliana Robinson: Ceos. There's not much to go over here. This is much more. We will give you messages in here if we need stuff from you, but this won't be completely active all the time.
Lilliana Robinson: And then Hq is where the magic happens. So like I said, there's message board, and Chloe has already uploaded my pre program, Updates one and 2, and this is where you'll start seeing my weekly what to expect. Messages which are
Lilliana Robinson: a roadmap of the program. They come out every Friday afternoon before the next week, and it's just your complete roadmap. For the whole week. I go through every session. What you need to know for the session, anything that's due what's going on for the week where you need to be, and when and any other announcements you need to know. So it's kind of just like your newsletter for the week.
Lilliana Robinson: and those will be posted in message board. There's an expectation that you're reading those very
Lilliana Robinson: scrutinously, because there are a lot of details. They'll be very dense impact. And then, after that, if you have any questions, you can comment on the weekly what to expect message just like. So you can click on each message, and then at the bottom, there's a bunch of comments so we can just start a thread.
Lilliana Robinson: That's where I prefer questions to go so that your classmates can see your questions at my answers rather than direct messaging me so that we don't have to answer the same questions multiple times. It's much easier to just put it there, and everyone can see
Lilliana Robinson: there's an additional message board which we call cohort support. Chloe has also written a message here to explain this. But this is for you guys to post, and you can get support from us or your fellow cohort members for anything. And Neil gave some examples earlier
Lilliana Robinson: docs and files here. I want to go through these because it's pretty important that you know these are here.
Lilliana Robinson: First is the cohort look book, which I've already emailed you. Same with the Handbook. Then we have the global Network partner lookbook. These are what we call Gnps and it's part of our Perks network. So when you get into tech stars universe, you'll be able to see the perks that come with our global network partners. But if you want a head start, you can look at this Powerpoint.
Lilliana Robinson: Everyone should get Techstar's universe access by the end of week. One
Lilliana Robinson: welcome letter. Kit is really important when you get in here, so that you can read this welcome letter from our general manager, which is Neil and my boss Rachel, who is awesome. The code of conduct which you're expected to adhere to. Since signing the due diligence documents we sent you, so I would read it if I were you, because we do uphold the standard with you, wearing the text Star's name as founders, and the last one is another overview of our partners. So I just wanted you guys to know these are in here for you to read as soon as you get into Base Camp Super. Important.
Lilliana Robinson: Daniel.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I forgot we we haven't shown them a dark moat.
Lilliana Robinson: We got a dark mode. Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah. I don't even know how you do this. I don't know how you look at this bright screen all the time. II like this mode. You guys can toggle with the settings if you want to be cool like Neil.
Lilliana Robinson: I like this one because it goes with my purple. So I'm just a North Westerner at heart.
Lilliana Robinson: The other things in docs and files in person resources. So Chloe has posted
Lilliana Robinson: the Oakland office, guide the information for the retreat. All of that is in there and then. Workshop recordings are
Lilliana Robinson: posted here for the past 4 days that we've had, and we will upload this one as well as all the ones next week. So throughout program, whichever sessions we do record, and it's up to the workshop host. You can find them in this thread. And then we have workshop resources, which is when someone shares a deck, for example. So when we do financial modeling in week, one Troy will share a deck, and then we'll put all the resources here.
Lilliana Robinson: That's docs and files.
Lilliana Robinson: Then we have chat, which is the same as campfire. We renamed it to make it more
Lilliana Robinson: comprehensible. But, you guys have already started lighting up the chat. So I appreciate that. And then we have schedule, which is what I said. It's not populated yet, but once you've released the program schedule, we will have it redundantly on here. So, for example, when you click on an event down here, you'll be able to go to a new screen that has an event, and you can comment on it.
Lilliana Robinson: So that was like a very, very fast run-through.
Lilliana Robinson: I think we hit all of the different things you need to know. Is there anything offhand like that you can think of that we're missing now, there's just a lot more to learn about the tool over time. There's a lot of nuggets, and like really beneficial things like, we've only scratched the surface for how you could utilize this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: this this tool. But you know, don't allow it to overwhelm you. And if it's not your vibe, because everyone has a personal preference for what they like. Some people want Coke. Some people want Pepsi. So you know, I'm saying like, it's it's all good. If you just want to use it for what it is. It's it's intended for for us, and like leave the rest. But there is a whole lot more like goodness here that I hope that many of you, especially folks who enjoy thoughtful product development would appreciate
Lilliana Robinson: Kelvin.
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: Yeah, thank you very much, lilliana, for
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: the exposition. I just noticed the
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: the interface is a bit different
with the mobile app. And
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: you know the computer, the desktop app. So which would you prefer? I know, for ease of use. Some people prefer mobile. But I think some of the things you were showing are not even
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: present. So yeah, do you prefer?
Lilliana Robinson: I love the mobile app. I am like, basically on here instead of social media, like, I just scroll this and reply to everybody like, I really like the mobile app. I think it has most of the features. Did you notice a feature that's not in here
Lilliana Robinson: like, is it missing a tool?
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: Yeah, some of the things you were showing about.
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: some of the. I don't know whether it's just the to do list, and
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: you know the place, the campfire, and all. I think I was able to see the campfire, but some of the other ones I couldn't see just the campfire under groups. It might be rendered differently, Kelvin. But I will say that everything you can do on the desktop app you can actually do on the mobile app. And that's comforting to here. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, that's a good question. So when you click on Hq it, it's just laid out a little bit differently. But you can see it. So it's not called Campfire. It's called chat. My screenshot was outdated.
Lilliana Robinson: So you may be able to see it now, if you look for chat, but I love the mobile app. If you guys like being on the go and like kind of not tied down to your desk, it depends what your lifestyle looks like, but I just love being able to just be on base camp. It's one app in one place. I don't have to be checking my email and slack. Everything's just there. So like I can get my founder asks from you guys things that Neil needs things my team needs. And it's just all right there. So I really do like toggling between Mobile and desktop.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Did you talk about boosts?
Lilliana Robinson: No, but that's fun. Let's see if anyone figured it out. So we figured out replies. so, oh, we figured out, boost awesome guys.
Lilliana Robinson: So boosts are this little rocket ship, and it's emojis, or it can be a character limit. You can type to. And that's just to like basically react to things. So we use those a lot.
Lilliana Robinson: Antonio.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: yeah. So if you can go back to the main page where you see all the teams, I guess, or the previous one and I might have missed them. You might say that I might have missed it. I think I thought it was 1 one for the company specifically for our company. Is that correct? Yeah, that's Ford health. This is an example of one, so it'll say your company name at the top.
Lilliana Robinson: And so here we can invite all our team members. Is that correct? Yep. So when you click on. If you click on to dos
Lilliana Robinson: right here in your pre program, prep. One of your to dos due next Friday is to list any additional team members you'd like included in your Company base camp Project.
Lilliana Robinson: Got it, and then we can. We'll add them for you.
Lilliana Robinson: and that can be whoever you want. So that that is a good question. It does not have to be only full time program participants. So only full time program participants who have signed up on the class roster and will be attending. All of the programming
Lilliana Robinson: are added to the Hq. And so Chloe's going through the class roster and adding.
Lilliana Robinson: but in your own personal company project we can add everyone. So if you have a contractor or an intern or a co-founder who's not participating in program.
Lilliana Robinson: Anything like that. We can put them in here. So that's kind of what we mean by additional team members. There's really no limit. It's just people that you trust to see all of your company information.
Lilliana Robinson: Christy.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: I noticed that you can stack projects. And how? How is that best used?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I think it's best used when you get to a level where you have a lot lot lot lot lot of projects. For example, there are 24 of you. So when I add them up here I will stack them all.
Lilliana Robinson: Another one is like the rising stars fund that me, Neil and Sophie run. We have 2 projects for that. So I just stack them when you only have these 3, for now I wouldn't recommend stacking them. But it's a lot more when you start getting crowded. And you see a lot more projects. That's actually a new feature. They only came out with that about 2 months ago, and I think it's really cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Bob.
Bob Van Dell II: Sorry I think you answered it before I it came back around to me that we have to have our teammates added in order for it to show up for them and be invited to the project. Is that right?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So in your to do list, there's a to do, and if you write them here we'll go through and check. and we'll add them all to the project for you.
Bob Van Dell II: Okay, thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: We have a lot of time left to answer other questions. So fire away.
David Akinyemi (he/him): maybe. Oh, go ahead.
Chloe Lannert:  just everyone. Check to see if you can see the Hq. If you can't see the Hq. Dm, me in the zoom chat. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks. Collie. MVP. For today. David, you had a question.
David Akinyemi (he/him): Yeah, just maybe if you could run through just one more time like the primary use cases of each
David Akinyemi (he/him): messaging feature, cause it, it feels like there's multiple.
David Akinyemi (he/him): I just wanna make sure I'm not spamming the wrong one.
Lilliana Robinson: That's a great question. And you guys can ask any question like, I'll repeat anything because this is really important that we get this right before we begin program.
Lilliana Robinson: So message board is for our team to send you guys announcements. It's very important that you read everything on message board. Sometimes it's just Fyi's, sometimes it's
Lilliana Robinson: urgent action items you need to do. Sometimes it's announcements for upcoming things that will be starting. So everything we've explained about the program right now isn't everything. So as the weeks unfold, we add more and more things. For example, I hinted at the Kpi updates. You'll also get the weekly overview messages in there. Very, very important. That's on Friday afternoon evenings.
Lilliana Robinson: Then we have cohort support. Cohort support is for you guys to post anything you need. You can post questions about base camp that other people may be able to help you with. You can post that you are in a competition, and you want people to give you votes you can post. If anyone has any ideas for
Lilliana Robinson: a certain legal service you need, or any sort of like Saas platform that you want ideas for, can also post. If you have a new version out of your app, and you want us to test it. And Qa for you. It could be anything. You can also just ask for advice whatever you guys need, and you'll see that the threads become really
Lilliana Robinson: vibrant with people just helping each other, and kind of jumping in and offering their insights. And it's great to see how much everybody's background is so diverse. And they have so many different skills and talents where we really are hills and valleys filling in each other's needs. So I really really recommend putting in any asks that you have for your company to your cohort here.
Lilliana Robinson: Docs and files is basically like, this is just the file cabinet for techstars, Oakland. So everything that you will need that would be in like a Google drive is here, and we'll be adding more and more
Lilliana Robinson: chat is just our. That's our water cooler for the program. So everyone in the program and our team are all in this chat
Lilliana Robinson: and then schedule is that'll be redundant with Google Calendar. So a lot of people ask like, What's the source of truth? The first thing to be updated is Google calendar if we have a change. But very soon after it's base camp. The only thing about base camp is that that's where we want all of our questions. So if you have any questions about events
Lilliana Robinson: or anything with scheduling comment on the event itself, same with after an event has happened, you can put questions about it. You can put follow-up. It's really helpful when people have notes or helpful insights about a session. We just had you follow up on the event itself. So it's contextualized and people can go back.
Lilliana Robinson: You will have access to this Hq. Forever. So you can go back into the program schedule and see the notes and see everything from the program. So it's really helpful to have that in here.
Lilliana Robinson: And then in your in your company project things. Take a little bit of a different form. The message board is for you to ask us anything that you need. So this is separate from asking your class. This is things that you need. So if you need help with jobs to be done. If you have a question about something, Textiles related, something for your company that we can help you with. It goes in message board.
Lilliana Robinson: and then very rarely. We will also post private announcements to you in the message board, for example, you'll get your mentor madness. Schedule in the message board there. So like, whenever we have company specific
Lilliana Robinson: announcements, the to dos are weekly, and that's really important. The to-do's pool in your company project we have pre-programmed prep. Week one, and we have optional other modules, such as understanding your customers.
Lilliana Robinson: docs and files in here will house your assignments from the program that pertain to your company specifically, so we won't be putting them in the HP. For everyone. It's just in your company project. And then the chat we leave in here in case there's news or other social things you want to share with our team specifically.
Lilliana Robinson: So this is kind of like your
Lilliana Robinson: your little window into talking with us. This is like a private room, a little conference room where we're in the trenches with you versus Hq. Is kind of where our program lives.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you have any specific questions, David?
Lilliana Robinson: Just could you also touch on the pings and the hey again, yeah, yeah, no problem. So the hey is just your notification center. So every notification you get every time you're mentioned. Every time a thread that we've added you on is like posted, you'll see it there. So if you just read all of your notifications, you'll be completely up to date on everything we want you to see, because the poster can control who gets notified.
Lilliana Robinson: It's akin to an inbox.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, exactly. There's a little inbox like Emoji. Here.
Lilliana Robinson: Pings, I'm gonna let Neil explain the use case for pings
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in comparison to everything I just showed. Yeah. So so someone asked us in the chat earlier, too. Pings are not too different than Boxer in that. It's it's a written version of it where there's no voice, memos, or anything like that. But you can send basically Dms and instant messages to individuals or groups of people.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you can leverage pings just like you would in any other context like slack my only cautionary note with pings is that it tends to be abused by people who have bad hygiene from previous Async, like a more synchronous tools. So just a fair warning.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly. And when you're doing the written form, it's much better to put a written form like, if you need to send us a doc to look at, or you have a question about a link, it's much better to put the written form in the ping, because Boxers only on our phones. So, Boxer, it's much better to keep to just when you have a voice memo. When you're asking a question. You want to have an Async conversation anything that's written. It's much better to just write out in the pink any questions you have, and we get back to you very quickly on both.
Lilliana Robinson: Boxer is like we consider it as much more urgent because it tends to be a little bit closer to synchronous pings are just Async. We'll get back to you, probably like a few hours later.
Lilliana Robinson: Mark.
Mark Kirzhner: will we have? The slides of the lectures in the docs.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, the slides of this lecture, or you mean in the future.
Mark Kirzhner: the previous lectures?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So for the jobs to be done, we're just gonna post the recordings. We don't usually send out those slides, so they're all here. I can post this deck if you want to see, like the arrows pointing, and the recordings will be here for all future external host workshops. When they have slide decks they usually send it to us, and we'll post it here in workshop resources. So the jobs to be done. Recordings are already posted here, and you can look back at them.
Mark Kirzhner: Jayla.
Jennifer Loh: Okay, so tons of information, really great. Inevitably, I feel like I'm probably going to get it wrong. And so I'm just curious, like, if I'm using pings wrong or using the message board wrong are these things where the text team will give us feedback, or if, like, there's a worst offender of.
Jennifer Loh: you know, using something wrong. How do we ensure that we're as a group maintaining our digital hygiene.
Lilliana Robinson: I love that question. I've never heard it before, so Neil will gently nudge all of you. You'll see he'll just give like gentle nudges like this would be better as a message post or like. I encourage you to put it as a message post. Ferona is also really good at that. So you'll see that
Lilliana Robinson: if you have like
Lilliana Robinson: questions about Base Camp, where you just can't figure something out, you can reach out to me or Chloe. So we're just going to be your go-to like tech help, and I'm happy to do it. It makes me very happy to help all of you with project management. So don't be shy to just ask us any questions you can ping and this in a group, so we can both help you.
Lilliana Robinson: But yeah, so you'll get feedback gently. In general, people will like start to see trends and then be able to figure it out like, even if it's a little overwhelming right now. But if you truly need help, I'm even happy to get on a call. I've done that before, too. Where, like, you just can't find something. So we need to get on zoom. And I can show you where I can film a video for you like. Happy to help to that extent as well, like super in depth.
Jennifer Loh: Okay, cool. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The only thing that actually grinds my gears is when somebody doesn't update their profile photo. And I have to look at their initials. The whole program. That's the worst
Valeria Brenner: make it. It's it's it's it's it's it's it's, it's, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's, it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's
Lilliana Robinson: there you go. How did it pass? Yeah.
Samarth Gupta: Does it take some time to refresh? Cause II did update my profile picture. But I don't think the initials.
Samarth Gupta: Yeah, it takes some time. Got you.
Lilliana Robinson: I just refreshed and saw a bunch more faces. We're getting there
Lilliana Robinson: cool. Okay, Pardo. do you like Pardo or pardon?
Pardo Walter: Part is fine. Yeah, thanks for asking. I actually have a question. So around like the more intimate, like personal questions that say, I just like wrapped up a venture capital meeting. And you know I have a bunch of questions from like the meeting. Where would it would I post that in my dedicated team message board? And that'll alert, you guys, and then you'll just be able to respond.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, let me show you. So that's exactly right. You would go in your personal message board. But we're gonna write a post and then you go down here. This is a great question. Actually, I've never demo this to the founders at this point. But basically you write your message.
Pardo Walter: Okay? And then at the bottom. It says.
Lilliana Robinson: all 20, all 12 people who can see this project, which is our whole team, plus the 5 associates. The 5 associates can be trusted with all of your info as well. They're like our helping hands, and they're all university students. We've handpicked
Lilliana Robinson: and then, in the case, you want to only send it to one you can, but that doesn't make as much sense, because we're all on the project. So I highly recommend just notifying all of us, so that we can all help you.
Pardo Walter: Okay, perfect
Lilliana Robinson: Yup, and then we'll all get it in our, hey? And then we'll read through it if if it's even more sensitive, though, or more confidential.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you can always reach out to some of us, either directly via Ping, grouping or on Boxer.
Pardo Walter: Got it. Great. Yeah, I'm just getting into like the later stages of a couple of meetings. And I just want to know if I'm
Pardo Walter: Things are fair from like a, you know.
Pardo Walter: legal and just
Pardo Walter: bunch of different aspects. So yeah, I wasn't sure that those messages should go.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that's a good question. A lot of people will vox meal like talking through it. At that stage like, that's a very common message that he'll get. And then.
Pardo Walter: okay, thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Well. And Antonio.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: yeah. So the
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: the part for the our specific team like this, this page can we keep using after a program as well? Or
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: do we have to pay then the monthly fee for that, or how would that work?
Lilliana Robinson: No, you can absolutely use it after program. I'll let Neil talk about it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I got the hookup.
Lilliana Robinson: So what Neil was saying earlier is, you can use it for as long as you want. We still have some companies using Neil's account. It's an unlimited free. It's like a special deal. We can tell you more about it in the foundry story on the retreat, but at some point you will want to get your own base camp. Once you've grown to a certain size of a company, because
Lilliana Robinson: Neil and I will always be the owners of this account, so you won't ever really have admin access. However, while you're operating as a small team like yes, you can standard this umbrella as long as you'd like
Lilliana Robinson: Sunday.
Tunde IO: Yeah, I might be looking at this wrong. I'm trying to find out how to get to the company project. Is that still being updated, or is, how do I get there?
Lilliana Robinson: Works? Not everyone has their company project yet, but if I've got you on the Hq. I'll be able to make sure everyone gets in there. Okay, thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Doing great coin, this double cohort, so many faces to add.
Lilliana Robinson: how else can I help? What other questions do people have?
Lilliana Robinson: Look at that? We have our first. Oh, there we go. Yeah, there's an ask already. Good. I love that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The only thing the last thing I'll say to frame this whole tutorial that you just experienced is that you can think of this as our program operating system. Simple enough, right? So it's just like everything that you need, all in one place
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and and like we've said before. from what I have seen and know pretty much any other program that you would go through would have you do notion slack email.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and maybe maybe even a few other tools. So hopefully. This is a seamless experience for you all, and it saves you some time.
Lilliana Robinson: Other questions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We did it
Neal Sáles-Griffin: first workshop to end early.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's go. That was very efficient, so I will stay on. I'm sure there are a lot of personal questions. So we'll go ahead and end it here.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you all so much. We'll see you on Tuesday morning for W. 3. So get excited for that, and make sure that you sign up for your screening criteria one on one's between now and Tuesday.
Lilliana Robinson: I will stay on for any questions. But thanks. Guys. enjoy base camp.